the reaction was alarming
but then Anton became calm I waited
navy rest area in zones
Received a visa development events
then Larisa's wife also called
and hysterically said that he did not see anything
hear nothing from here i started
shine
I asked to arrange a meeting
with anton
and I missed the dressing room
sleep was in the back room
lines massage
with the beginning
I sat in the corner and in general it
examined
what needs a view
he heard me perfectly
bathhouse
In general, I did not see anything special
I realized that something
in my eyes apparently got to assess it yourself
but he could communicate
talked what he understood
what is happening I saw it felt
asked to urgently call mom because
what
Imam was very worried
man does not understand the degree
what happened when it didn't take off
what happened to his relatives
was to be when on stadium and as from
fatherly take it all
the situation
Oh well
I, too, was hard to assess the extent of this
injuries we often see
as people mtv writhes not always
ordinary window dressing
game to the public and and assess the degree of
what happened was hard
then over time already understood and especially
when they heard
that everything is wrong
OK
but in principle, hope dies last
I hope that everything will be fine and
principle hope so it happened
you are like a father who have been taken out of the
early age percent up about professionals
have seen at least once that duties to the whole world and
whether his communication is capable of him
you know
I have never seen him from the simulation
I admit that everything is possible in football
any player
time delay is there any
Anton's number of puff time I remember
when the team wins hard
a game
goalkeepers do not enter the ball for a long time
these are purely football little tricks
but
hard to imagine what okr yes because
something explodes
very seriously everything explodes
heard a roaring deafening blast
Well, about it happens right on
to football players
I do not want all these to justify him
medical opinion
that we said everything
I meet him
every day Kiev
hedgehog he blinks five times
more than that happens because
in the eye that it interferes
how is insane
shout all sorts of nasty things from the podium in
including his son's address to this as
team rule
which are principled
rivals for dynamo how do you think they
will fall out could come up and say it
all in the eyes or scared
I heard that the cs that before the match
30 fans anti-aircraft attacked two
fans
Moscow Dynamo apparently it is also
occurred in the eyes
because there were 30 against two
I had a similar one too
similar situation in the match against Spartak
I was alone
insulted ice cream then it is known that
anton
he rushed to help
Here in this situation is much more difficult
appear when you are alone against
hard to be brave
they when 30 against one or two
it's easy here
patriots of any team and shout
nasty things
hard to say one on one
I think that at the meeting, many of them shook
would have asked for an autograph
to disperse
but
crowd
who give birth
which is going to throw out emotions here
in this way
because among them are not girls often children
many older people are
listen to it is unpleasant to say like
words to your loved ones most likely not
will be able to
why do you tell other people
who do you not know
probably a manifestation of weakness
human
when do you lose like in this match
with the St. Petersburg zenith when and does not work
game when spent 100 million
in harmony
smart players
when the biggest budget in the championship
country and no result
the team is not in first place with a big
by margin
probably then it only remains
scream that's what they scream we send
weakness
how to put punishing those who have injured
Anton
Today
on the site and
and in some newspapers it was written
directed times
I don't have anything important
how to punish the guilty
I think he said correctly
anton
more important not to punish the cube to punish
it turned out that the punishment is innocent
because when I repeat
Connect to this issue first person
of the state
I admit that in my zeal
find extreme can
prove to be completely innocent people
we must not allow not to suffer
people who have nothing to do with it
relations
at the box office to punish the guilty
probably you should probably eat for
This is what the laws of the norm rules
the way this is done by law enforcement
organs seem to me more important now
bring general football order
so that the mat is not so that Zhigalkin coins
didn't fly
especially
pyrotechnic products
all kinds of
probably what happened is the first
push that will bring order
in the russian championship
there will be a big change now
I think everyone will benefit from it
both adults and children and fans
normal sane fans i know
but